docs: deprecation of workbench in forma v5 (#3146)
contentful/forma-36: packages/website/content/deprecated-components/workbench.mdx

Reviewer: The page renders like so 
<img width="1328" height="956" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ac51aebb-96cd-416a-b521-c72f3068f258" />

Let's reduce duplication in the headings and deprecation notices.

Reviewer 2: <img width="1294" height="591" alt="Screenshot 2025-08-22 at 11 34 36" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c79f1520-652d-41c5-a02e-1d6ac18da58e" />
I'm seeing some typos of name. Highlighted here to show :)

Reviewer: How did I miss that 👀 😄

---
title: 'Worbench'
status: 'deprecated'
slug: '/components/workbench/'
section: 'deprecatedComponents'
isDeprecated: true
---

# Workbench

The `Workbench` component is **deprecated** in version 5 and will be replaced by the `Layout` component. This guide will help you migrate your usage of `Workbench` to the updated `Layout` component.

> > **Deprecation Notice:**  
> > The Workbench package will no longer receive updates. Please migrate to `Layout` as soon as possible for continued support and improvements.

Reviewer: Remove formatting and move above?
```suggestion
The Workbench package will no longer receive updates. Please migrate to `Layout` as soon as possible for continued support and improvements.
```

| `<WorkbenchHeader>`      | `<Layout.Header>` supplied to `header` prop                          | Header area, use `Header` as child                                               |
| `<WorkbenchSidebar>`     | `<Layout.Sidebar>` supplied to `leftSidebar` or `rightSidebar` props | Use `leftSidebarVariant` or `rightSidebarVariant` to adjust width of the Sidebar |
| `<WorkbenchContent>`     | `children` wrapped in `<Layout.Body>`                                | Main content area                                                                |
| `className`, `testId`    | `className`, `testId`                                                | Supported on both                                                                |
| (no direct equivalent)   | `variant`, `withBoxShadow`, `offsetTop`                              | New features in `Layout`                                                         |

---

[Checkout detailed documentation](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/main/MIGRATION.md#workbench) and learn how to migrate your workbench to the new `Layout` component.

## Additional Notes

> Layout supports both left and right sidebars. If you only need one, use leftSidebar or rightSidebar.
> For advanced use cases, refer to the Layout examples and Layout documentation.
> If you used custom props or patterns with Workbench, check the Layout API for equivalent or improved options.

Reviewer: Make sure the path to the layout page
```suggestion
Layout supports both left and right sidebars. Use `leftSidebar` or `rightSidebar`.
For advanced use cases, refer to the [Layout examples and documentation](/components/layout).
If you used custom props or patterns with Workbench, check the Layout API for equivalent or improved options.
```
